Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Sorry.
Why's he dancing like a girl?
Sometimes I close my eyes
and imagine myself on a big stage.
I was 5 years old
when I discovered ballet.
Ballet is not accepted in Nigeria.
People think that it's not for boys.
Take it easy. slow down.
But I don't listen to them.
I just keep dancing.
It's my dream. and I have to follow it.
- How long will you stay?
- I don't know.
My baby. calm down.
Calm down. we will make it.
My hand is shaking. open it fast.
Is it there? Is it there?
That's it! That's it. that's it!
Hey! Thank God!
Are those my eyebrows? They look funny.
Look. see how beautiful your smile is.
Fat. I'm fat oh.
You have full cheeks.
- And I like that.
- The Child Student.
Child Student. Madu Mmesoma Anthony.
Chisom will miss you too much.
Your brother is going to miss you.
Wow.
We gather in the name of the Father.
Son. and of the Holy Spirit.
Blessed Redeemer. we thank you.
We worship you. We glorify your name.
Father. we are here to thank you more
for what you have done for us.
You surprise us with good news.
May your holy name be honored.
May your holy name be glorified.
May your holy name be praised...
in the name of Jesus Christ.
Thank God
for everything He has done.
One day my son started dancing.
I thought it was maybe
a kind of hobby. of no benefit.
But as time goes on.
I started thinking that in this thing
is something that one has
to embrace. accept. appreciate.
Unfortunately. the place
they were training was not safe.
It's in a dangerous place.
We decided to withdraw him.
And I'm grateful God has given him
the opportunity to be there.
Seriously?
Chisom. What happened?
You haven't been talking to me.
I feel for the younger one.
'cause they are just like twins.
They are always together.
Now that he's going.
I don't know how he will feel.
I'm happy that he's traveling.
but also. I'm having feelings
for the younger one.
I can't believe that I'm going
to be schooling in England
for seven years.
It's a great opportunity.
These are my winter caps. as they say.
I'm actually happy to leave this school
because of the bullying and everything.
At least it's going to stop.
My mom is going to miss me the most.
I'm very. very close to her.
We always talk together.
And also my brother.
Always... sometimes we have issues.
but sometimes. we do talk
to each other. so...
The tire is gone.
If you have just small money.
change the tire.
If money comes. I will do it.
If there's money. I'm supposed
to change this machine.
But there's no money.
How are your children?
- All of them are fine.
- Hope they are fine.
- My son. he got a scholarship.
- Over there?
- He got a scholarship abroad.
- Who will take him there?
- His God and the White man.
- The White man? Ah.
So. it's only dance that takes him there?
- Only dance.
- I thank God.
I dreamed that I died.
I started thinking.
if I died. who will bury me?
Who will take me to home?
But since I have the good news of my son.
if I die tomorrow.
I will die in good faith.
No more fear.
The promise I'm making
to my mom and my family is...
I will never let them down.
I've seen this coming years back
when I lost my dad.
I prophesied that
it would come. and it came.
And he gave me
a special dance at my father's burial.
So. because of that. I say. "J"!
E!
S!
U!
Safe journey!
- S!
- Jesus!
You know that today is the last time
we'll sit together like this?
After now.
you start going to the airport.
I will really miss you.
But I'm happy for you. hmm?
I'm happy for you. my son.
Thank you for making me proud.
The only thing
I'm begging you is to please
know what you go there to do. Hmm?
Know what you go there to do.
Don't forget where you're coming from.
Please. don't forget
where you're coming from.
- I will miss you a lot.
- Me. too.
Your siblings will miss you.
Your daddy will miss you.
- Anthony!
- Ma!
All right. let's go. It's time.
Someone should turn off the lights.
Make sure you lock the door very well.
Anthony's going to the airport!
Safe journey. yeah?
Be a good boy. yeah?
Remember your mother. please.
My baby.
I will miss you. I'll miss you. my boy.
You've not lost him.
He's not missing. he's just traveling.
Don't worry.
Once he lands. he will call you.
Are you missing your brother?
Don't worry. yeah?
He'll be reaching soon. They will call.
Mmesoma!
Hello. Mommy. good afternoon.
- How are you?
- Fine.
- You're in your school now?
- Yes.
Oh. my boy!
Is this your room?
- This is my bed.
- London boy! London boy!
- And my table.
- I like your house.
Thank you.
- Have you eaten?
- Yes. Ma.
- You're okay?
- Yes.
Call you later this evening.
Call me. let's talk. yeah?
- Bye-bye. my dear.
- Bye-bye.
I'm going to be living with a lot of kids
that I've never met before.
I'm concerned if. maybe. I may not fit in.
Some people.
they say that I'll never make it.
What if they're saying the truth?
Every time I think about the way
I've been bullied for years.
it makes me feel very. very bad.
And it makes me not respond to people
the way I'm supposed to.
I just want to be alone.
What my mind tells me
is that sometimes
just everything is going to be fine.
Hello. Mommy. good evening.
Good evening. dear. How are you?
You're feeling all right now. right?
Good.
Remember our deal.
Be a good boy. okay?
You know we have a deal?
You made a promise. right?
Always remember
where you're coming from. yeah?
In the morning before stepping out.
you pray. okay?
We are also praying for you here.
Come and say hello to Anthony.
Where are you now?
At home.
You're now speaking like a White person.
You're talking with your mom. please.
He was seen by a local optician.
and his condition is quite longstanding.
He doesn't seem to have
very much sight at all
in his right eye.
so he's been referred to the NHS.
to a specialist doctor.
In the meantime.
we have a teacher coming in. Judith.
and. um. she's going to start
working with Anthony
on a one-to-one basis.
And we've got a mental health
nurse that he can access
if he needs that.
What is the problem?
What can cause those scars there?
Don't worry. you'll be fine. yeah?
I hope you are not afraid.
Why?
Are you serious?
Oh. my God.
Don't worry. You'll be fine. okay?
There's nothing God cannot do.
God will not allow this eye
to be a problem for your future.
It's actually my fault.
I'm really quiet when I'm sad.
I do not like talking to anyone.
So. when it started.
I didn't exactly tell her.
I worry because of this.
they'll send me back to Nigeria.
I have to work really hard
so that I'm going to be
at the same place that they are.
What is it gonna take
for me to be like you?
Because I want to be
a principal dancer.
The way I see Anthony.
I see him as a light for the family.
I miss him so much that
at times I'll forget that he's not here.
Good morning!
Happy New Year.
How did you spend your Christmas there?
Was it fun?
It was boring. Felt like this. but...
Shut up!
- Are you missing home?
- Yeah.
Have you seen your eye doctor?
I think I'm going
for the second one later.
Your lips are very dry.
Do you have wet lips?
Wear lipstick. a red one.
What is wrong with him?
Hey.
Sorry. um. yeah. Hello.
Basically. I kind of like.
wanted to say
thank you for. you know.
being a good friend.
You are kind of like the only real friend
I've ever had. basically.
So. that's why
I got you these for Valentine's.
Thank you. That's so sweet!
They're so pretty. thank you.
I just saw them on the shelf.
and. like. basically. I remembered.
Aw. thank you.
Oh. my gosh. seriously.
- Really nervous.
- Don't worry.
So cold.
Let me feed my boy.
I don't see anyone else but you.
You have a headache?
No headache. it's just hot.
- That's Nigerian weather for you.
- No. it's terrible.
It's worse than I thought it would be.
When the itching starts.
it keeps you uncomfortable. right?
Kind of.
Do the eyedrops help?
I'm very sorry.
That time. I really felt bad.
It's fine.
- Hmm?
- It's fine.
Please. when you go back.
try to be applying it always. okay?
I'll keep reminding you.
I'll keep reminding you of that. yeah?
Can you come
and train with me on the field?
- You must come.
- No. not today.
Today. you must come.
No.
Why?
What do you mean why?
Before you go back to the UK.
I want you to make peace
with your brother.
He's just a little boy.
that you have to manage him.
A little boy?
He's 12. for goodness' sake.
Start talking with him now.
because I'm going inside.
I have something to do inside.
I'm entering inside.
This stage you are now. that's the stage.
- That is it. you will outgrow it.
- You will control it.
Teenagers. it happens to them.
Whenever you enter teenage.
once in a while.
you just get annoyed for no reason.
No. I need a therapist.
and I can't find anyone here.
- You need?
- A therapist.
- What is a therapist?
- People that help you with your problems.
- Can't I help you?
- No.
Don't worry. I'll take you to my prophet.
- I do not need your prophet.
- You need him.
I need a therapist.
not a prophet.
- You need him.
- No. I don't!
There's nothing God cannot do.
I need a therapist.
not a prophet. thank you.
I shake when I get annoyed.
Listen. all eyes are on you now.
Listen. do you know that this thing
is giving me much concern?
It's also giving me concern.
- Tony. take it easy.
- Why won't you help me?
- I'm trying... No!
- Excuse me. take it easy.
Finding this type of anger in you is bad.
It's really bad.
Well. it's bad
if I can't control it myself.
We're trying to put you in order.
You're trying to tell us that--
I'm also trying to put myself in order.
If you don't keep repeating everything
over and over again
when I've already said it.
- No. no.
- Come. It's your mom.
It's me. it's fine.
Now you're making me cry. it's fine.
My eye's going to maybe end my career.
- Is it paining you?
- It is kind of.
It is? Sorry.
Sorry. now. Are you a baby?
No. it's these ones that are hurting now.
- Is it tight?
- A bit.
How did you learn to speak
this type of British English?
How... I just know how to do it.
I just know how to speak it.
Like. normal.
Do you still know how to speak Igbo?
I never knew how to speak Igbo.
You're not ashamed of yourself?
- Sorry. I never knew how to speak it.
- Are you not from Igboland?
I will teach you. Right from now.
I'll be speaking Igbo to you.
- But you can understand it. right?
- Yeah.
- Have you been here before?
- No.
I come here
to play football sometimes.
Mostly on Saturday morning.
When are you guys going back to school?
On Monday. next week.
- Are you good at maths?
- Mmm. yeah.
- You're not good at maths.
- I'm good at maths. but not like that.
- How are you coping in your grades?
- Very well.
I heard that you got zero on your exam.
Can you jump from here?
If you ask me that question.
I'm going to kill you.
Father. make him
the professional ballet dancer
that he always dreamed of.
Please. help him to achieve his dreams
in the mighty name of Jesus.